README.md, before:

## Forms Beta
A Forms library built with Sass. The Forms framework is ready to use and easy to install.

![Alt text](/public/img/forms-shot.png?raw=true "Forms Beta Screenshot")

## Unicorn-UI Module Development
Below are setup instructions for Unicorn-UI module development. You'll need to have [bower](http://bower.io/) and [node.js](http://nodejs.org/) installed before you begin.

## Development
1. On the command line root directory run ```npm install```
2. Now inside the /public directory run ```bower install```.
2. Now run ```gulp css``` to build the module files.
3. Run ```harp server``` to start a server and visit page in local browser to preview.

## Quick Usage
Having trouble getting above set up? Just grab the built [CSS file](https://github.com/unicorn-ui/Forms/blob/master/build/forms.css), and reference from your html file:
```html
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="forms.css">
```
With `forms.css` included on your page, you should be able to try copying some of the markup from Form's [demo page](https://github.com/unicorn-ui/Forms/blob/master/public/index.ejs) to get started. Still not up and running? Don't worry, we'll be posting videos and a demo page soon!

Commit message:

Bump package deps, and add some resolutions to readme for commone node-sass issue.

README.md, after:

## Forms Beta
A Forms library built with Sass. The Forms framework is ready to use and easy to install.

![Alt text](/public/img/forms-shot.png?raw=true "Forms Beta Screenshot")

## Unicorn-UI Module Development
Below are setup instructions for Unicorn-UI module development. You'll need to have [bower](http://bower.io/) and [node.js](http://nodejs.org/), and harp installed before you begin.

Install bower and harp:
```
npm install -g bower
npm install -g harp
```

Errors with node-sass? If you're using node 4.x or later then you need to reinstall gulp-sass with:
```
npm uninstall --save-dev gulp-sass
npm install --save-dev gulp-sass@2
```

## Development
1. On the command line root directory run ```npm install```
2. Now inside the /public directory run ```bower install```.
2. Now run ```gulp css``` to build the module files.
3. Run ```harp server``` to start a server and visit page in local browser to preview.

## Quick Usage
Having trouble getting above set up? Just grab the built [CSS file](https://github.com/unicorn-ui/Forms/blob/master/build/forms.css), and reference from your html file:
```html
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="forms.css">
```
With `forms.css` included on your page, you should be able to try copying some of the markup from Form's [demo page](https://github.com/unicorn-ui/Forms/blob/master/public/index.ejs) to get started. Still not up and running? Don't worry, we'll be posting videos and a demo page soon!
